So you've already seen this ls command quite a bit, can do plus, 'ls -l' to see more files, you know,
on a single line.
But here's something new you can do with it.
You can actually give it a file path and list what's in there, even though that's not the folder that
you're in.
So we're in Desktop/ right now, but I listed the /Users folder.
So this helps you look around at files that maybe you're not actually in.
You can try the same thing on Linux.
You can give it 'ls -l /home' because there's no /Users on Linux.
And when you had to do that dot slash syntax, that was actually giving it a full path.
So you did second script--dot slash, second script, so that dot was a shortcut.  So you could do
'ls ..' and that would do the one directory above you.
So that's basically in my home folder there.
And if I do /Users/goku there's the same thing.
So sometimes there's some shortcuts you can use.
Just something good to know.